May 4th, 2019:
    Using redux to manage state, building the UI in react, and deploying on either Heroku or GH Pages 

    Redux is more manageable if you group by feature as opposed to 
    functionality, similar to the Ducks approach : 
    
    https://medium.freecodecamp.org/scaling-your-redux-app-with-ducks-6115955638be
    
    When you group by feature you always have the files you need in a single, compact location.

May 5th, 2019:

    APIs introduce side effects because they inject outside data into our state. 
    Redux-thunk will be used to dispatch functions as well as action objects. 
    Axios will be used to make the API call and fetch the data (by returning a promise)

   /v0/topstories endpoint returns all top story IDs which is ~400–500 items in the list. 

   Since this implementation fetches stories individually, this can cause a bottleneck in performance.

   To solve this, I will only fetch 20 stories at a time and slice the story ID array based on current page
   and return that section of story items. 

   I will call /v0/item/:id for each story ID and then use Promise.all to condense the response promises into a single array resolving to one .then() 
   and preserving the ranking form the order of story IDs. 

   Additonal reducers will be implemented to manage stories inside the application 

   Actions objects will contain thunk functions that will manage requests. By dispatching functions instead of action objects, I am able to dispatch Actions
   at different points during the request lifecycle. 

   The getTopStoryIds function will make the API call to get full list of stories.

   In the success callback of getTopStoryIds, I dispatch the fetchstories action to retreive the first page of results for story items. 

   When API call succeeds, I dispatch the success action which will update the Redux store with the next data. 

   Using react-redux binginds, I can conenct the components to the store and receive Redux state as props. Anytime there is an update to the store 
   the props will also change causing a re-render of the component which in turn updates the UI.

  